fix: give live collections their own astro:content entrypoint (#14092)
withastro/astro: .changeset/tricky-eels-laugh.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Export Zod from "astro:content" virtual module in live collection config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a case where zod could not be imported from `astro:content` virtual module in live collection config
```
